WHAT IS SCREEN PRINTING?
Screen printing is a really cool process where ink is pushed through a screen that 
has been coated in a uv sensitive coating called emulsion, and burned to a specific design.
 Each different color of ink is printed through a different screen, requiring multiple screens to be used for multi-colored jobs.  
All of the screens required for a certain job are aligned (registered) on a press, and ink is pushed through each screen, 
leaving your awesome design as a print on a garment, poster, etc.

INK TYPES
Our goal is to capture your vision. Choosing what ink types to use can completely change the look and feel of a garment.
 To help you along in the process, we offered a some information on each ink type that we can provide.
	STANDARD PLASTISOL
	Plastisol is our standard ink, but it still captures a high quality finish. 
	We use the highest quality plastisol inks that we can get our hands on, 
	and they work great on garments containing 50% or more cotton.
	SOFTHAND PLASTISOL
	Our Softhand Plastisol is a special blend of our standard plastisol ink and soft hand additive.
	 It gives the garment a softer and lighter feel. 
	POLY
	Poly ink is used for garments containing a more than 50% polyester. 
	Poly prints turn out just as bright and vibrant as our plastisol prints, and are perfect high performance sport shirts.
	WATER BASED
	Water based ink is extremely soft and very eco friendly.  While remaining bright and bold, 
	water based ink has almost no feel, which is perfect for clients who want to achieve an extremely 
	high quality finish and a more fashionable look. 
	
	SPECIALTY INKS
	Metallic Inks
	Go heavy and drop some metal into your design. Metallic Inks give you a subtle,
	 unfinished sheen without the polished reflective shine of foil.
	Puff Inks 
	Stay puffed! This effect is created by adding a puff additive to standard Plastisol Inks, making them rise like a freshly baked loaf of bread.
	Glitter Printing
	Add some sparkle to your print with our Glitter Inks. We add glitter to the plastisol ink base creating a print will sparkle all over.
	Glow in the Dark
	Put the spotlight on your designs with Jakprints' own Glow in the Dark Ink!
	Reflective
	Screenprinting with reflective ink is a popular choice for construction workers,
	 police men, and any others that want to be seen. Once the light hits your design,
	 the 3M reflective ink will be in full force. Don’t just wear a shirt that has reflective tape, make your design reflective as well!
	Suede 
	If you want the feeling or look of suede, we’ve got you covered! Your football team will be the talk of the town when you 
	add suede ink to your printed football. Make your designs more lifelike. Use as an accent or as the entire design.
	Cork Texturing
	Using cork with your design is a great way to add texture. Use this add on with any color to get a cork like texture.
 	If you can’t image what it would feel like, think wine corks! Great for adding dimension.
